JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
budget battles.
President Trump calms
congressional nerves
over a potential government
shutdown by dropping
insistence on money now for a
Mexico border
wall.
Then:
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS (I), Vermont:
Democrats need
a strong, progressive agenda.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I sit down
Senator Bernie Sanders
to discuss the Trump agenda and
what Democrats
need to do to start winning
again.
And dreamers worry about a
potential nightmare.
Young undocumented immigrants
prepare for
the worst, as the Trump
administration adopts
a hard-line approach.
JOSE, Undocumented Immigrant:
Losing my job,
losing the ability to teach my
kids, being
separated from my family, losing
everything
that I know, I don't think it
can get any
worse than that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: A federal judge
in San Francisco
has blocked President Trump's
order on so-called
sanctuary cities.
It sought to withhold some
federal funds from
localities that don't cooperate
with U.S.
immigration authorities.
The district judge said today
that the president
has no authority to take that
step.
His ruling is in effect
nationwide while a
lawsuit against the order is
being heard.
The bulls had the run of Wall
Street today,
and the Nasdaq hit a milestone.
The rally was fueled by strong
earnings at
Caterpillar, McDonald's and
other companies.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 232
points to close at 20996.
The Nasdaq rose 41 points, to
close above
6000 for the first time ever.
And the S&P 500 added 14.
Congress is back in session, and
raising new
questions about contacts between
Trump advisers
and the Russians.
Leaders of the House Oversight
Committee said
today that former Trump National
Security
Adviser Michael Flynn broke the
law by taking
money from Russian organizations
in 2015.
As a retired general, he was
barred from doing
so.
Republican Chairman Jason
Chaffetz and ranking
Democrat Elijah Cummings spoke
after reviewing
classified material.
REP.
ELIJAH CUMMINGS (D), Maryland:
There is no
evidence, as the chairman said,
anywhere in
these documents that said he
reported the
funds he received for this trip.
There is also no evidence that
he sought permission
to obtain these funds from a
foreign source.
REP.
JASON CHAFFETZ (R), Utah: He was
supposed
to seek permission and receive
permission
from both the secretary of state
and the secretary
of the Army prior to traveling
to Russia,
to not only accept that payment,
but to engage
in that activity.
JUDY WOODRUFF: An attorney for
Flynn defended
his actions.
Meanwhile, Representative
Cummings complained
that the White House refused to
hand over
relevant documents on Flynn.
Separately, a Senate
subcommittee announced
that it will hear next month
from former acting
U.S. Attorney General Sally
Yates, who played
a role in Flynn's firing.
The former Director of National
Intelligence
James Clapper will also testify.
Russia denied again today that
it is arming
Taliban fighters in Afghanistan.
That is after the top U.S.
commander in Afghanistan
said that he wouldn't refute
such reports.
In Moscow, Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov
dismissed the claims.
SERGEI LAVROV, Russian Foreign
Minister (through
translator): As to statements
about alleged
supplies of arms by us to the
Taliban, these
are unprofessional, they are
baseless.
Whatever negative things they
say about Russia
now, simply look into it.
No one is providing a single
fact that would
prove such negative statements.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Russia has said
that it does
maintain ties with Taliban
officials, but
only to push for peace
negotiations.
North Korea held mass live-fire
exercises
today for the 85th anniversary
of its military,
but it didn't carry out a
nuclear test, as
feared.
Instead, Pyongyang marked the
occasion with
celebrations.
Many people left flowers at the
statues of
the country's former leaders.
Turkish warplanes targeted
Kurdish forces
in Iraq and Syria today, drawing
criticism
from the U.S. Turkey's military
released video
of the operations, and activists
in Syria
said more than 20 combatants
were killed.
Most belonged to a Syrian
Kurdish militia
that is fighting the Islamic
State.
Turkish officials claimed the
group is linked
to rebels who are battling the
government
of Turkey.
The state of Arkansas has
carried out the
nation's first double execution
in 17 years.
It happened last night, when two
men were
put to death within three hours.
William Brangham has our report.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: For 12 years,
the death
chamber at the state prison in
Varner, Arkansas,
sat unused.
But last night, both Jack Jones
and Marcel
Williams died there.
Both had been on death row for
more than 20
years, both for rape and murder.
Jones went first, as witnesses
looked on.
DAVID LIPPMAN, Reporter: He
said: "I'm so
sorry.
I'm so genuinely sorry.
I hope someday you can learn
more about me
to learn that I'm not a
monster."
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The daughter
of Jones' victim,
Mary Phillips, had survived the
attack in
1995.
She was just 11 years old.
LACY PHILLIPS, Daughter of
Victim: I'm glad
it's done.
I'm glad that part of my life is
-- that chapter
is closed.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Lawyers for
Marcel Williams
charged that Jones had been
gulping for air
as he died.
But after a brief delay,
Williams was given
the lethal injection as well.
He'd expressed remorse last
month.
MARCEL WILLIAMS, Inmate: To
those I hurt,
I'm sorry is not enough.
I wish I could take it back, but
I can't.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The mother of
Stacy Errickson,
the woman killed by Williams in
1994, said
he'd finally gotten what he
deserved.
Arkansas has now put three men
to death in
the last week.
This sudden rush is because one
of the state's
lethal injection drugs,
midazolam, expires
at the end of April, and the
drugmakers, citing
concerns over how the drugs were
obtained
and how they are being used, are
trying to
block the state from getting any
more.
Governor Asa Hutchinson defended
the process.
GOV.
ASA HUTCHINSON (R), Arkansas: I
don't want
to go back to these victims'
families and
say, well, we're worried about
how this looks,
or the speed of this, and so
we're not going
to be able to carry out the will
of the jury
and courts and the sentencing.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The state
hoped to execute
eight men this month.
Four have been blocked by
courts.
A final execution is set for
Thursday.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Also today, a
special commission
in Oklahoma recommended a
continued moratorium
on executions until the system
for carrying
them out is reformed.
And first daughter Ivanka Trump
got a rough
reception today at a women's
summit in Berlin,
Germany.
At one point during a panel
discussion, the
audience groaned and hissed as
she argued
that her father is a -- quote --
"tremendous
champion" of enabling women and
families.
Later, she dismissed the
reaction as -- quote
-- "politics" and said, "I'm
used to it.
It's fine."
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
the White
House and Congress attempting to
avert a government
shutdown; Senator Bernie Sanders
weighs in
on what Democrats need to do to
get back on
top; a new tariff President
Trump has levied
against Canada, and much more.
top; a new tariff President
Trump has levied
against Canada, and much more.
One of the biggest obstacles to
keeping the
United States government funded
beyond this
Friday's deadline may have been
averted today.
Correspondent Lisa Desjardins
starts us off.
LISA DESJARDINS: The president
was at the
Capitol this morning for a
Holocaust remembrance
event.
QUESTION: Mr. President, are you
going to
insist on border funding?
LISA DESJARDINS: But he ignored
shouted questions
about a government funding bill,
this after
numerous reports that Mr. Trump
told conservative
journalists last night that he's
open to delaying
a border wall down payment until
September.
Democrats on Capitol Hill
declared a kind
of victory on the issue.
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY), Minority
Leader: Now,
last night, we received a bit of
good news,
not just for Democrats, but for
the country,
that the president is easing off
his demands
for a border wall in the
government funding
bill.
LISA DESJARDINS: Senate Minority
Leader Chuck
Schumer and other Democrats have
insisted
that border wall money would
jeopardize the
larger funding bill.
And not all Republicans support
it either.
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER: Now, we Democrats
have been
opposed to including the wall in
this bill
since the beginning of the
negotiations.
There's no plan to make Mexico
pay for it,
as the president promised it
would.
There's no plan to resolve the
eminent domain
issues on the border, and the
money is better
used elsewhere.
LISA DESJARDINS: The president
was quick to
insist that whenever the funding
comes, his
plan to build a border barrier
is alive and
well.
This morning, he tweeted: "Don't
let the fake
media tell you that I changed my
position
on the wall."
He followed up at a White House
event this
afternoon.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
We're going to have the wall
built.
I mean, I don't what people are
talking.
I watch these shows and the
pundits in the
morning, they don't know what
they're talking
about.
The wall gets built, 100
percent.
LISA DESJARDINS: Even if the
border wall issue
drops away, other obstacles
could still derail
the spending bill, for one,
health benefits
for coal miners.
Thousands of miners will lose
their health
care this weekend if Congress
doesn't act.
Lawmakers on both sides,
including Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell,
favor it,
but have to find funding.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: I'm
in favor of the permanent fix on
miners health
care.
It's my hope that that will be
included in
the final package.
LISA DESJARDINS: Other problems?
Democratic sources say
Republicans want the
bill to give religious
businesses more leeway
to opt out of coverage for
women's reproductive
health.
For now, the clock is ticking
for Congress
to pass a long-term spending
bill before Saturday,
President Trump's 100th day in
office.
And sources have now confirmed
to us that
Republicans' latest offer to
Democrats on
the spending plan has dropped
the border wall
money altogether.
Also, senators from both parties
say they
think it's now likely there will
have to be
some kind of short-term deal for
a few days.
They're not even sure that they
could write
and passes a larger bill by
Friday.
All that means, Judy, is that
probably we
will be talking about this
spending fight
into next week.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, going into
next week.
So, if the White House is
dropping the demands
for its funding for the border
wall, Lisa,
what are the remaining sticking
points?
LISA DESJARDINS: Right.
Well, among those sticking
points are women's
health, say Democrats.
They say that Republicans, as
they have brought
up many times in the past few
years, would
like this bill to include more
exemptions
on religious grounds for funding
contraception
and other women's health issues
for employers.
Now, that goes along with the
Hobby Lobby
case and other things.
Democrats firmly say that's not
something
they will support.
But some Republicans, Judy, say
they're not
sure that they really will go to
the mattress,
so to speak, over that issue,
that they might
be wiling to take that issue
down the road
a ways.
What are the other problems?
Honestly, Judy, it's not quite
clear.
There's a lot of frustration up
here, and
it seems there is just a lot of
tying up of
very loose ends.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Lisa, stay
with us.
I'm going to bring in John Yang,
who is at
the White House reporting for
us.
John, tell us.
If the president has, in
essence, backed down
on the demand that they fund
this border wall
right now, what's the rationale?
We hear the president saying
when the cameras
with were him earlier today,
it's still a
priority, it's going to happen
soon, but he's
dropped it as a demand.
JOHN YANG: He dropped it as a
demand because
they realize the -- or
acknowledge the political
reality that they weren't going
to get it
without a big fight, without
jeopardizing
or threatening a government
shutdown.
They're putting it off.
It's still their top priority.
They still -- Mr. Trump says he
will still
build this wall in his first
term, and they're
putting off this fight until
September -- the
next fiscal year, the spending
year that begins
in October.
Remember, this money is only
until the end
of September.
They're going to work to the
next spending
year to get money.
They say they have got enough
money to do
planning, but there is no
indication of why
they think this fight will be
any easier in
fiscal year 2018.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Lisa, back to
you.
If the White House has clearly
moved its position
in the last 24 hours, are
Republicans and
Democrats now looking at the
president as
somebody who is a whole lot
easier to deal
with than they thought?
LISA DESJARDINS: It depends on
who you speak
with.
I think Democrats will tell you,
those that
speak to you, you know, off
microphone, will
say they think that the
Democrats -- the Republicans,
the White House completely
misplayed this.
They think this has added to
enormous leverage
that they didn't feel that they
had here at
the Capitol until this week.
You talk to Republicans, some of
them will
say, again, off microphone, that
they're relieved
that this has come off the
table.
There is enormous skepticism and
some all-out
problems with the idea of a
border wall, especially
when it really hasn't been
clearly defined
in their eyes.
So there's mainly relief, I
would say, at
the U.S. Capitol, but I do think
there are
real questions about the
strength of this
president in negotiating with
Congress and
perhaps making some strong-arm
moves that
have backfired against him, at
least this
week.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, John, this
is all coming
as the president approaches his
100-day mark.
Is there concern at the White
House that the
president is not seen as a
strong leader?
JOHN YANG: Well, I tell you,
Judy, you know,
the president himself says this
is an artificial
deadline.
He calls it ridiculous.
And Sean Spicer, the White House
press secretary,
echoes that.
But at the same time, the
communications office
is really working hard on this.
We have a series of briefings
this week, a
number of executive orders being
signed, Cabinet
secretaries coming into the
Briefing Room
to talk to reporters, to talk
about what they
have done, a big, splashy new
Web page on
the WhiteHouse.gov Web site
talking about
what they have done in this
first 100 days.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right.
We're watching it all closely.
And I know the two of you are.
John Yang, Lisa Desjardins,
thank you.
For more on these political
battles we have
been talking about and the
challenges facing
Democrats, I spoke this
afternoon with Senator
Bernie Sanders, the ranking
member of the
Senate Budget Committee.
And I started by asking whether
he thinks
an agreement will be reached to
avert a government
shutdown.
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS (I), Vermont:
Well, I certainly
hope there's going to be an
agreement, not
a short-term, but a long-term
agreement.
I do not and will not support
billions of
dollars going to a border wall
at the same
time as the Trump administration
wants to
throw 24 million people off of
health insurance,
cut back on education, cut back
on the needs
of working people.
That is not something that I
will support.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Senator, today at
the White
House, the commerce secretary,
Wilbur Ross,
announced with regard the trade
that the White
House, the president wants to
slap in essence
a terrific on Canadian lumber.
You and the president often were
at least
in the same -- or what appeared
to be on the
same page when it came the trade
during the
campaign.
What do you think of this move
today?
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: Well, I don't
know enough
about it to comment
intelligently.
But what I do know is that, when
we have had
trade policies for decades now
that have cost
us millions of decent-paying
jobs, as profitable
corporations shut down in
America, they go
to China and they go to Mexico.
We have to fundamentally rethink
our trade
policy and make them work not
for the CEOs
of large corporations, but for
working people.
So, if Trump wants to develop a
rational trade
policy which demands that
corporations start
investing in this country,
rather than China,
that's something that we can
work on.
But, right now, I just don't
know enough about
the specifics of the lumber
situation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, is there a
specific move
you would like to see the
president make on
trade?
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: Well, as I have
said, I want
to see a trade policy which
works for American
workers.
Right now, what we have seen for
a very long
time is large corporations
shutting down plants
in this country, plants that are
often profitable,
in order to get cheap labor all
over the world.
And that is one of the reasons
why the middle
class in this country is
disappearing.
We have lost our manufacturing
base, and that's
an issue that has got to be
dealt with.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In that
connection, Senator,
you're reintroducing legislation
to increase
the minimum wage to $15 an hour,
I believe,
by 2024.
This is something that's had a
tough time
getting through Congress in the
past.
You now have the
Republican-controlled Senate,
House, a Republican White House.
Is this realistic?
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: Of course it's
realistic.
It's what the American people
want.
It is an outrage that we have a
$7.25-an-hour
federal minimum wage.
And when we talk about why the
middle class
is in decline, why people are
working two
or three jobs, working 50, 60
hours a week,
it's because wages in this
country are much
too low.
So, we have got to raise the
minimum wage
over a period of years to the
year 2024 to
$15 an hour.
When people -- Judy, it is not a
radical idea
to say that, when you have
massive income
and wealth inequality, the very
rich becoming
much richer, it is not a radical
idea that
to say that, in America, if you
work 40 hours
a week, you shouldn't be living
in poverty.
That's what the American people
want, and
that's what we are going to
introduce.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Senator, and I
think this is
in connection with that, you
said in an interview
two days ago, the Democratic
Party -- you
said this as an independent,
that the Democratic
Party is failing, that it needs
the change.
Are you saying there should be a
litmus test
to be a Democrat?
What does one have to believe to
be a Democrat?
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: Judy, here is
the reality.
And I don't think it's just me
saying it.
Right now, you have the
Republicans controlling
the White House, right-wing
extremist Republicans
controlling the White House, the
U.S. House,
the U.S. Senate, two-thirds of
the governors
chairs, and in the last eight
years, Democrats
have lost 900 legislative seats
all over this
country.
That is a failed approach toward
politics.
So, in my view, the Democrats
need to do several
things.
Number one, Democrats need to
become a 50-state
party.
You can't have a great party on
the West Coast
and the East Coast.
You need to have a party in all
50 states.
That's not the case right now.
And that's why I have been
running around
the country to Republican states
to galvanize
people to get involved in the
political process.
Second of all, you need a
Democratic Party
which is a grassroots party,
which makes decisions
from the bottom on up, not just
from the top
on down.
In my view, it is not a question
of Trump
having won the election, it's a
question of
Democrats having lost the
election.
Democrats need a strong
progressive agenda
which says to the working class
of this country,
we are going the stand and fight
for you,
we're going to raise the minimum
wage, pay
equity for women, we're going to
rebuild the
infrastructure, and we're going
to guarantee
health care to all people as a
right.
We're going to make public
colleges and universities
tuition-free.
We understand that there is
enormous pain
in this country.
We're going to stand with
working people.
We're going to take on the
billionaire class.
We're going the take on the drug
companies
and the insurance companies.
We're going the take on Wall
Street.
That's where I think the future
of the Democratic
Party lies.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And my question
is, does that
mean that some Democrats are not
acceptable?
For example, the special
congressional election
in Georgia last week, you
initially didn't
endorse the Democrat, Jon
Ossoff.
And you said he wasn't a
progressive.
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: Judy, don't
believe everything
you read in the corporate media.
Jon Ossoff never asked me for an
endorsement,
never asked me.
Of course I want him to win the
election,
and of course I want the
Democrats to gain
control of the U.S. House.
Just so happened he never asked
me for an
endorsement.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I guess the
broader question
is, does a Democrat have to toe
a certain
line?
You have said Democrats have to
do well in
red states.
So, for example, a Heidi
Heitkamp in North
Dakota, Joe Manchin in West
Virginia, are
these Democrats, you consider
under the tent
that you would like to see,
under the umbrella
of the Democratic...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Go ahead.
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: I think those
decisions are
going to be made by the people
in North Dakota,
where I think Heidi is quite
popular.
They will be made by the people
in West Virginia.
It is not my job to tell the
people in 435
congressional districts or in 50
states who
they should be supporting.
What a grassroots party is about
is people
getting excited, getting
involved in the local
political process, saying, we
want her to
run for office, we want him to
run for office,
and we're going to get involved
and make sure
that he or she wins.
That's what I think the future
of the Democratic
Party is, not a few people in
Washington saying,
sorry, no good, or that's OK.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So you're saying
it's all right
with you that the Democratic
Party has elected
members who, for example,
disagree with you
on trade, who may disagree with
you on the
corporate tax rate, on issues
like abortion?
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: Right.
Look, this is America.
Between you and me, Judy, I
would wish -- I
would love it if everybody in
America agreed
with me on every issue.
I can't get my wife to agree
with me on every
issue, let alone the American
people.
It's called democracy.
That's what it's about.
So, I think -- you know, I have
supported
candidates whose views are very
different
than mine on the need the break
up Wall Street
banks, on the war in Iraq, on
trade issues.
Of course I have supported those
people.
My hope is that we're going to
see -- and
I believe it is the case --
we're going to
see more and more strong
progressives running
for office.
That's my hope.
That's my desire.
But that is up to -- that
decision is going
to be made by people in 50
states and 435
congressional districts.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Senator Bernie
Sanders, very
good to talk with you.
Thank you.
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS: Thank you, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
undocumented
students fearful of deportation;
a new database
that tracks government spending;
and "The
Handmaid's Tale," Margaret
Atwood's dystopian
novel, now a TV series.
But first: As we touched on
earlier, there
is a trade dispute brewing
between the U.S.
and its northern neighbor.
William Brangham is back with
that story.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: President
Trump's decision
to slap tariffs on certain
lumber imported
from Canada escalated tensions
between the
two nations.
And the president has already
said he wants
to renegotiate or overhaul NAFTA
this summer.
Today's move drew a pointed
response from
Canadian Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau, who
said, "You cannot thicken this
border without
hurting people on both sides of
it."
At a meeting with farmers this
afternoon,
President Trump came back with
some tough
words of his own.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
People don't realize Canada has
been very
rough on the United States.
Everyone thinks of Canada as
being wonderful.
And so do I. I love Canada.
But they have outsmarted our
politicians for
many years, and you people
understand that.
So, we did institute a very big
tariff.
QUESTION: And do you fear a
trade war with
Canada?
DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all.
QUESTION: Why not?
DONALD TRUMP: They have a
tremendous surplus
with the United States.
Whenever they have a surplus, I
have no fear.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, let's get
some further
explanation about this move, and
what it means
for the broader trade agenda of
the new president.
Greg Ip covers all this for The
Wall Street
Journal, and he joins me now.
Welcome back to the "NewsHour."
GREG IP, The Wall Street
Journal: Thank you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, who would
have thought
that we'd have our first trade
flare-up of
the Trump administration with
Canada, of all
places.
Explain, what is this fight all
about?
GREG IP: It does sound like a
surprise, but
it shouldn't be surprising.
And, remember, the Canada-U.S.
trade relationship
is still the world's largest.
And a relationship that size
always generates
disputes.
And this particular dispute
didn't fall out
of a clear spring sky.
It's been going on for literally
decades.
It's rooted in the different way
Canada and
the United States charges
forestry companies
for the trees that they cut down
and turn
into lumber.
In the United States, they have
a market-based
system.
There is an auction.
Companies compete against each
other to buy
the trees.
In Canada, the provincial
government is basically
assigned a fee that turns out to
be lower
than the market price American
companies pay.
The United States claims that's
an unfair
subsidy.
And so this has been an ongoing
source of
dispute between the two
countries.
The dispute that is under way
this week actually
began under the prior
administration.
There had been, if you will, a
truce between
the two countries.
That truce expired.
The Obama administration had
been negotiating
with the Canadians to come up
with a permanent
solution.
And they failed.
And so even though this is being
portrayed
as the first salvo by Trump's
tough trade
regime, in fact, it's quite
possible that,
if Hillary Clinton were
president, we would
be in the same place.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Let's say
Trump is successful
and he puts this tariff on
imported Canadian
lumber.
As a consumer here in the U.S.,
would impact
would we likely see?
GREG IP: Well, remember, tariffs
are in the
end taxes.
And somebody has to pay that
tax.
And in this case, that tax will
be paid by
the buyers of that lumber, which
is the home
builders primarily and the
people who buy
those homes.
The National Association of Home
Builders
estimates that there's about
$15,000 worth
of lumber in a typical new home,
a single-family
home in the United States.
This tariff will add about
$1,200 to the price
of that home.
Now, it's been the case that
because the market
had already anticipated
something like this,
lumber prices have already
started to move
up, so you won't necessarily see
an immediate
impact from this point forward.
But I think one thing people are
forgetting
is that trade disputes are
two-sided.
When the United States imposes
tariffs on
a partner like Canada, there is
always a possibility
that Canada will say that's not
fair and retaliate.
And at that point, you have to
ask the question,
which Canadian industry will
suffer because
the Canadians have imposed
tariffs -- excuse
me -- which U.S. industry will
suffer because
the Canadians retaliated against
it?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: We're seeing
this Trump
move on wood.
He also had some very strong
complaints about
Canadian milk.
Last week, we saw him making
some noises about
steel in China.
There might be a move on
aluminum coming up.
Are we starting to see now a
Trump trade policy
emerge?
GREG IP: I think we are.
When he was first elected, there
was a lot
of fear of a trade war.
They listened to Trump's
rhetoric on the campaign.
Oh, we're going to put a 45
percent tariff
on China, a 35 percent tariff on
Mexico.
We haven't seen any of that.
It's clear now that Trump and
his administration
doesn't want the start a trade
war, i.e.,
big tariff on a whole country
that triggers
retaliation.
What we are seeing is a very
careful and meticulous
review of all the tools they
have available
and to use those to start
bringing cases against
countries under existing law
that they think
are unfair.
Now, that doesn't look like a
trade war, but
it could look like a lot of
border skirmishes
that add up.
We still don't know, though,
what the end
result is.
The reason we have things like
NAFTA and the
World Health Organization is so
that, when
there is a dispute like this, as
there always
will be, it's contained, you
don't get an
escalating tit-for-tat spiral.
And the real test will be, if
Canada takes
this to a panel with NAFTA or
the WTO, and
wins, will the Trump
administration abide
by that ruling?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Well, we have
seen a lot
of instances where the president
has talked
very tough standing on the
sidelines, and
then, when push comes to shove
and he gets
close with foreign leaders, or
starts these
negotiations, he becomes a
little more conciliatory.
Let's say a trade war or a trade
fight really
does break out.
Do you think he will escalate or
de-escalate?
GREG IP: At this point, it's
impossible to
say, and I think it would be
unwise for us
to speculate too far, because I
don't think
they really know.
But I think we know this much
about Trump
so far: He believes he's a
deal-maker.
He likes to bargain.
Part of bargaining is that you
talk really
tough.
You ask for the moon, you settle
for the topsoil.
He says -- he beats up on the
Mexicans, he
beats up on the Canadians, but
the point is
not to abrogate the treaty and
have the two
of us basically putting up walls
and blocking
trucks at the border.
It's to come up with a deal that
both sides
feel they can live with.
And I think that that's probably
where we're
going to end up.
I think that Trump has people
working for
him who are ultimately
deal-makers.
And the Canadians are the same
way.
They're grownups about this.
That's why you saw the prime
minister of Canada
not respond to Trump with the
same rhetoric,
but to talk about the strength
of the relationship
and the desire for a deal.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The president
has also said,
as we touched on a little bit,
that he wants
to renegotiate NAFTA.
How would that actually look?
How could that unfold?
What likely might we see?
GREG IP: So, I think one of the
interesting
things is that this dispute did
erupt while
that renegotiation is under way.
Wilbur Ross, taking questions
from the press
today, said he had actually
preferred to have
kept those things separate,
because, as we
discussing a minute ago, this
softwood lumber
dispute is a very old dispute
that almost
follows a dynamic entirely of
its own that
is actually somewhat independent
of the issues
of the issues that are bothering
the president
on NAFTA.
Unfortunately, because they
could not get
an agreement within the
legislative window,
it will end up getting sucked
into that agreement.
And it's very hard to say
exactly how it turns
out.
We know from, for example,
drafts that the
administration has circulated on
Capitol Hill,
there are a few things they
would like to
change about NAFTA.
They would like to, for example,
have the
ability to impose tariffs just
because imports
are surging from Canada or
Mexico, not necessarily
because they're being sold
unfairly.
They want the ability to not
have -- to be
able to -- they want more
freedom to use our
countervailing the subsidy laws
against Canada
and Mexico.
Will the Canadians and Mexicans
accept that
as a price worth paying to
preserve the special
agreement?
Will they say, no, we'd rather
have no agreement?
All those things remain to be
seen.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Greg Ip of The
Wall Street
Journal, thank you very much.
GREG IP: All right, thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: About 65,000
undocumented students
graduate from U.S. high schools
each year.
Most are protected from
deportation because
of an Obama administration
policy, Deferred
Action for Childhood Arrivals,
or DACA, which
allows those brought here
illegally at a young
age to go to school and get work
permits.
President Trump tried to
reassure those young
people, often called dreamers,
again this
week that he doesn't plan to go
after them.
But a lawsuit filed last week
claimed one
dreamer has been deported, and
DACA students
are on edge.
Special correspondent Kavitha
Cardoza of our
partner Education Week traveled
to Los Angeles
and spoke to three DACA
recipients to see
how their lives have changed.
We have agreed to use only their
first or
middle names.
This is part of our weekly
series on education,
Making the Grade.
KAVITHA CARDOZA:
Twenty-five-year-old Jose
has something in common with
President Trump:
They both graduated from the
prestigious business
school Wharton.
Unlike many of his classmates,
Jose didn't
choose a career on Wall Street.
JOSE, Undocumented Immigrant:
Teaching sixth
grade math is the most
challenging thing I
have ever done in my life.
I wouldn't trade it for the
world.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: His students
know he is a
DACA recipient, at a time when
the federal
government is cracking down on
undocumented
immigrants.
JOSE: I had a lot of students in
tears asking
me if I was going to be taken
away, and if
they could hide me.
I had students asking me, if
their parents
were deported, if they were
going to be allowed
to leave with them, or if they
would become
a part of the foster care system
here.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Immigration
arrests are up
33 percent nationwide, compared
to the same
three months last year.
For Jose and others, this adds
to the climate
of fear.
STUDENT: ICE has basically set
up shop at
the Mexican grocery store.
And they are there throughout
the day.
Now my mom is like, when we need
to go to
the store or something, we go
out -- we go
out at night.
STUDENT: It's hard for me to
talk about, because
I know there might be a chance
that, like,
my parents can be taken away.
And that just scares me.
JOSE: I tell my students that
they are important,
that their families are
important, that our
community is important.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Of the
approximately 11 million
undocumented immigrants in the
U.S., more
than 750,000 have been granted
DACA status.
To qualify, they would have had
come to the
U.S. as children, be in high
school or graduated,
with no felony record.
Randy Capps is with the
Migration Policy Institute.
RANDY CAPPS, Migration Policy
Institute: We
don't usually punish children
for the sins
of their parents.
Even if they had crossed the
border illegally,
they didn't know they were doing
it.
They were too young to know
that.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: He says the
DACA population
has the support of many
Republican, business
and university leaders.
Even President Trump, known for
his tough
talk on the campaign trail:
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Anyone who has entered the
United States illegally
is subject to deportation.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: ... has
softened his stance.
DONALD TRUMP: We're going to
show great heart.
DACA is a very, very difficult
subject for
me, I will tell you.
To me, it's one of the most
difficult subjects
that I have, because you have
these incredible
kids, in many cases, not in all
cases -- in
some of the cases, they're
having DACA, and
they're gang members, and
they're drug dealers,
too.
But you have some absolutely
incredible kids.
I would say mostly.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Trump's change
in tone has
not been popular with some of
his supporters,
like Iowa Representative Steve
King.
He says he will never be
convinced that the
DACA program makes sense,
because illegal
is illegal.
REP.
STEVE KING (R), Iowa: If you
reward people
for breaking the law, you get
more lawbreakers.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: He says DACA
recipients compete
for jobs with U.S. citizens and
are an economic
drain.
According to a 2007
Congressional Budget Office
report, undocumented immigrants
overall do
access more services than they
pay in taxes.
But DACA recipients, who came to
the states
as children, are mostly
U.S.-educated and
far more likely to move up the
economic ladder.
King disagrees, on principle.
REP.
STEVE KING: It's an injustice to
our founding
fathers, to the people who have
fought and
bled and died for this freedom
that we have
to simply give it away to people
that have
violated the law, while we have
at least five
million people outside America
that are in
line, that do respect our laws,
that are waiting
to come into America.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: California has
the highest
number of DACA recipients.
It's also among of the most
welcoming.
DACA students here can get state
loans for
college, in-state tuition, and
even a driver's
license.
Yet, this year in California,
financial aid
applications for all
undocumented students
were down nearly 60 percent,
because students
feared revealing their status
might put them
at risk.
Then a media campaign helped
bring those numbers
up.
For Yael, a DACA student
receiving financial
aid at UCLA, today's rhetoric
reminds her
of how she felt in high school.
YAEL, Undocumented Immigrant: I
wasn't able
to say I'm undocumented without
just bursting
into tears.
It was just, like, painful,
painful and heavy
shame that I felt.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Yael came to
the U.S. when
she was 4.
She volunteers to help other
undocumented
immigrants in her free time.
YAEL: I feel privileged to be
here at UCLA.
When I think about my future,
unfortunately,
everything seems really
uncertain right now.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: For high school
senior Elena,
classes are a refuge.
ELENA, Undocumented Immigrant: I
motivated
myself to take challenges, like
honors, A.P.
Classes, extracurricular
activities.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Elena came here
when she
was 6.
She has more than the typical
teenage concerns.
ELENA: The fear that my parents
might be deported
makes me feel both sad and
scared at the same
time.
Like, sometimes, going to
school, I'm worried.
I'm like, what if I don't see my
mom again?
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Elena
volunteers for the
Big Brothers, Big Sisters
program.
ELENA: When I was a little girl,
I didn't
really have someone to be there
for me, because
my parents, of course they
didn't understand
the language.
So, when I had the opportunity
to be in this
program, it was like, yes, I
really want to
do it, because I want to help
someone.
Maybe they're in my situation or
like a similar
situation, so I want to be there
for them.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: If President
Trump doesn't
deport DACA recipients,
Representative Steven
King says he will feel betrayed.
REP.
STEVE KING: They can take up the
task of rebuilding
the countries that they came
from.
The education that they have
with them, the
language skills, the cultural
skills, the
experience of being here in
America, I think
it could be a fantastic
improvement, and one
of the best things that America
could do for
everyone south of our border.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: But Jose echoes
thousands
of other DACA recipients when he
says he can't
imagine returning to Mexico, a
country he
left when he was just 2.
JOSE: Losing my job, losing the
ability to
teach my kids, being separated
from my family,
losing everything that I know, I
don't think
it can get any worse than that.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: I'm Kavitha
Cardoza of Education
Week, reporting for the "PBS
NewsHour" from
Los Angeles, California.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, online, a
special education
teacher in Chicago who has DACA
status remembers
the day her family was separated
by deportation.
That's at PBS.org/NewsHour.
Almost all of us have wondered
at one point
or another about the taxes we
pay: Where does
the money go?
Former Microsoft CEO Steve
Ballmer not only
wondered.
He decided to make the
information available
in the form of a new public
research tool.
Last week, Ballmer launched
USAFacts, an interactive
Web site listing revenues and
expenditures
at all levels of government
federal, state
and local, all of it free to the
public in
digestible, searchable form.
I spoke yesterday with Mr.
Ballmer, who is
also the owner of the Los
Angeles Clippers
basketball team, about his
latest venture,
and I started by asking why he
wanted to do
this.
STEVE BALLMER, Former CEO,
Microsoft: Almost
three years ago, when I retired,
my wife and
I were talking about our
philanthropic work
and how does one help give
opportunity, particularly
to kids growing up in very
disadvantaged situations.
And my initial kind of sense
was, the government
does that primarily, and what we
should mostly
do is pay our taxes.
My wife said, no, I don't think
that's quite
right for us.
We need to do more.
We can do better.
But it got me kind of rummaging
around in
government data.
And I soon found that, as good
as the search
engines were, it was really hard
to bring
together not just a picture of
what was going
on with disadvantaged kids, but
how all the
money was spent, not just at the
federal level,
but at the state and local
level, not only
to target kids, but then you
have to understand
what the tradeoffs were.
And that's how I got started
really working
on USAFacts.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what does it
tell you that
somebody can't find someplace
else easily?
STEVE BALLMER: Well, remember,
we use all
government data sources, so
everything else
is findable.
I'm not going to pretend we
invented that
much.
On the other hand, what we have
tried to do
is organize things in some
sensible ways.
We used the Constitution as the
purpose of
government as our organizing
framework.
Businesses have to have an
organizing framework
when they report to their
shareholders.
It seemed that's the most
natural framework
to use for government.
We found a few, two to three --
three to four
areas underneath each one of the
preamble
of the Constitution points, and
so you have
kind of a holistic view, not
only of where
the money is coming in, but
where the money
is coming out, and at least as
well as they're
measured today, what kind of
impact government
may be having or at least what's
going on
in the areas in which government
focuses.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you say
to people who
-- these days, a lot of people
say they don't
trust government, that they
don't believe
the information, the data that
government
puts out?
What do you say to them?
STEVE BALLMER: Well, I would
say, look, it's
the best thing we have.
It's the best data.
It's created by professional
people.
If I was in government and
running government,
I think I would use the
government data, because
I wouldn't know where else to
look, quite
frankly.
And if I didn't like that data,
I would work
hard to make sure it got better
and better
and better, whether it was at
the state or
local or federal level.
People may have skepticism.
I'm not one of those folks.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What is an
example, Steve Ballmer,
about information that you find
on this site
that you think is important and
exciting?
STEVE BALLMER: Well, I will just
give you
one example of something that I
found interesting.
You look at homeownership
percentages in the
United States.
And off the top of my head, I
want the say
they run around 60 percent of
people own a
home.
It might be plus or minus a
little bit.
You look at the mortgage
interest deduction,
which is designed, I think, to
promote homeownership,
and then you can look at what
percentage of
that mortgage interest deduction
amounts are
going to people in the bottom 20
percent by
income, the next 20 percent and
so on?
And one might ask the question:
Is the mortgage
interest deduction doing a
better job, a worse
job, if it's supposed to promote
homeownership
and savings?
Because home ownership is the
biggest form
of savings in this country.
Different people will look at
that data and
draw different conclusions, but
that's just
an example of the kind of thing
you can pull
out of USAFacts and develop a
point of view
about.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, does this
project answer
all your questions about, what's
government
doing for people, or are there
many, many
more questions you have that you
still can't
get answers to?
STEVE BALLMER: Well, there are
many, many
more questions, some of which we
think we
can get answers to.
The data is out there, but it is
going to
take more work to pull together
and put in
a comprehensible form.
We can tell you, for example,
what reading
proficiency is for fourth
graders across the
country, but it would be
interesting to look
at that in the state of
Washington or Mississippi
or California.
That kind of data needs to be
added in.
The data we have is not always
very current.
Some of that is government data
can be a little
slower to get published.
But some of that is state and
local governments
publish their data, and then
there is a process
today of rolling that up at the
federal level
that takes quite a while.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Two other quick
things.
One is, I saw there are several
-- there have
been several other attempts over
the last
number of years to set up a site
like this
with information accountability.
Many of those have had a hard
time staying
alive.
How committed are you to keeping
this going?
STEVE BALLMER: I'm very
committed.
It's -- we have a philanthropic
interest,
my wife and I.
And while we don't choose to
use, you know,
sort of a tax deductibility on
this project,
to me, it's kind of a civic
opportunity.
Hopefully, people find it of
value.
We will stick with it.
And we're very focused in on
outcomes for
government with respect to the
amount of tax
that goes in and the amount of
expenditures
that go out.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Steve Ballmer,
thank you very
much.
STEVE BALLMER: Appreciate it,
Judy.
Thanks very much to you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now a novel
beloved by several
generations of readers is a
major dramatic
television series, and it comes
riding a wave
of interest, after the election
of President
Donald Trump.
Jeffrey Brown has the story.
ACTRESS: When they slaughtered
Congress, we
didn't wake up.
When they blamed terrorists and
suspended
the Constitution, we didn't wake
up then either.
JEFFREY BROWN: In this world,
America's democracy
and Constitution have fallen,
replaced by
a theocratic autocracy called
Gilead.
ACTOR: I have to let you go.
JEFFREY BROWN: A place where
women have lost
the right to work or own
property, where many
of them are property.
ACTRESS: You girls will serve
the leaders
and their barren wives.
You will bear children for them.
JEFFREY BROWN: The so-called
handmaids are
valued, and controlled, for
their ability
to reproduce in a future America
where most
women are infertile.
Designated by their bonnets and
red dresses,
they are kept under an
ever-watchful eye.
ACTRESS: There's an eye in your
house.
MARGARET ATWOOD, Author, "The
Handmaid's Tale":
I made sure that every horrific
detail in
the book had happened sometime
at somewhere.
So, think of it as a cake in
which I made
the cake, but all of the raisins
and chocolate
chips are real.
JEFFREY BROWN: The series "The
Handmaid's
Tale" is based on the classic
1985 novel of
the same name by Canadian author
Margaret
Atwood.
She calls it speculative
fiction.
MARGARET ATWOOD: I get in
trouble over making
a distinction between sci-fi and
spec fiction,
but my only point is that there
is a difference
between a galaxy far, far away
and this planet,
really could happen now.
JEFFREY BROWN: Atwood mixed
elements of totalitarian
systems of the past, including
the Soviet
system, and strains of American
life, from
the Puritans to the rise of the
Christian
right in the 1980s.
The novel found an audience from
the start
and has kept it, never going out
of print,
and joining high school and
college reading
lists across the country.
ACTOR: Only a very few women
could bear children.
These women were called
handmaids.
JEFFREY BROWN: It's been adapted
for opera,
ballet, and the 1990 film
starring Robert
Duvall and Natasha Richardson,
and now this
Hulu series starring Elisabeth
Moss, who read
the book as a teenager, playing
Offred, a
handmaid just assigned to a new
household.
ELISABETH MOSS, Actress: And the
glass is
shatter-proof, but it isn't
running away they're
afraid of.
A handmaid wouldn't get far.
It's those other escapes, the
ones you can
open in yourself given a cutting
edge or a
twisted sheet and a chandelier.
I love that the heroine of the
book is an
anti-heroine, that she's a
human, that she's
a wife, a mom, is a normal
person and then
is sort of picked up, taken, and
dropped into
this scenario and has to figure
out how to
survive.
She does a sort of thing that
often prisoners
will do, which is, they have to
adapt to the
prison environment, and they
have to hold
their enemies closer than their
friends.
JEFFREY BROWN: The series is
striking in how
disturbing it is, both in the
dark version
of society it portrays, and, at
the same time,
its beautiful look, a
combination sought by
series showrunner Bruce Miller
and executive
producer Warren Littlefield.
WARREN LITTLEFIELD, Executive
Producer, "The
Handmaid's Tale": You recognize
this world.
It's a beautiful world.
They want it to be cleaner.
They want the food to be
healthier.
They're trying to raise
fertility rates.
Those are all good things.
That's very inviting.
So, we come into our world and
it feels pretty
good, until you look closely.
BRUCE MILLER, Showrunner, "The
Handmaid's
Tale": Dystopia in our time had
been synonymous
with rubble and dust and robots
and scrounging
around for food.
And this is just a different
kind of dystopia.
It doesn't have dirty in it.
It's just a terrible reality.
JEFFREY BROWN: I asked Miller
and Littlefield
about working on this series
where so much
is about what happens to women.
BRUCE MILLER: You know, I tried
my best along
the way to shore up that part of
my personality
that I couldn't change, that
part of who I
am that I couldn't change, by
hiring, you
know, as many people who were
kind of spectacular
women's voices, either with Reed
Morano, our
director, or Lizzie Moss, of
course, our star,
but also our writing staff is
prominently
women.
I think we had all female
directors, except
for...
WARREN LITTLEFIELD: Four out of
five of our
directors for the 10 hours are
women.
And many of our department
heads, our wardrobe
and production designer.
We really built a very strong
core of women
who brought this show to life,
because -- for
that very reason.
We're not.
JEFFREY BROWN: The idea for the
series and
the shooting began well before
the election
of Donald Trump, but, since
November, Atwood's
book has returned to the
bestseller list,
and the series is generating
many questions
of parallels to today.
ELISABETH MOSS: There's a huge
sort of awakening
amongst people my age and people
in their
20s and younger with what's
happening now,
as far as, oh, wait, someone can
actually
take that away from us?
It's a brand-new concept to a
lot of women.
MARGARET ATWOOD: I think one of
the things
that's happened to them is,
rights were won
for them long ago, and they just
took them
for granted.
Their interests were other.
And then, suddenly, bang, a
lightbulb goes
on, maybe somebody's going to
take these rights
away.
And that may happen in all areas
of life,
including health care, minimum
wage, and including
forcing people to have babies.
JEFFREY BROWN: That's not very
hopeful.
MARGARET ATWOOD: Well, it's not
me making
this absence of hope.
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN: But you can write
the future.
You could write a more hopeful
future, hmm?
MARGARET ATWOOD: I could, but I
would have
to make it plausible, would I
not?
So, I do believe that America is
quite an
ornery and diverse place, and I
don't think
people are going to roll over
easily for this.
But a totalitarian gets serious
the moment
at which it fires on a protest
crowd.
JEFFREY BROWN: The first three
episodes premiere
Wednesday on Hulu.
After that, episodes will come
out weekly.
For the "PBS NewsHour" I'm
Jeffrey Brown.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we have more
online.
Author Margaret Atwood explains
her inspiration
for the blood-red costumes worn
by the handmaids
in the novel and in the new
adaptation.
You can find that and more on
our Web site,
PBS.org/NewsHour.
You can find that and more on
our Web site,
PBS.org/NewsHour.
Finally tonight: Prom season is
upon us, and
for many teenage girls, it's all
about the
dress.
For some young women, though,
getting that
dress can pose a real challenge,
and one organization
is stepping in to try to help.
From PBS station WGBH in Boston,
Tina Martin
introduces us to the man behind
the Believe
in Yourself Foundation.
TINA MARTIN: These dresses are
from designers
all over the globe, but they're
not for sale.
They're free for teenagers like
17-year-old
Raquel Laskowski.
RAQUEL LASKOWSKI, Student: I was
like, oh,
my gosh, it's so cute.
TINA MARTIN: Raquel and other
girls at the
South Boston Boys and Girls Club
were chosen
to receive these beautiful
donated dresses
from the Believe in Yourself
Foundation.
RAQUEL LASKOWSKI: And I think
that's really
nice that someone cares enough
to donate these
dresses.
TINA MARTIN: The organization
was founded
in January by Sam Sisakhti and
is based in
Brookline.
SAM SISAKHTI, Founder, Believe
in Yourself
Foundation: About a decade ago,
I started
a fashion company where we sell
primarily
to young women.
And I noticed at the time that a
lot of body
shaming and cyber-bullying was
going on online.
TINA MARTIN: So he started
thinking of a way
to change that.
SAM SISAKHTI: I work with about
20,000 independent
fashion designers, and I would
get a lot of
samples, and I used to give them
to celebrities.
And, at one point, I'm thinking,
they have
enough clothes.
TINA MARTIN: Sisakhti figured
out a better
use for the dresses, many of
them sizes 12
and up.
SAM SISAKHTI: So, I started
going into low-income
areas.
I didn't really even say who I
was.
I would just drop off a box of
clothes, a
boxes of dresses.
And the appreciation on their
faces was like
really amazing, and they are
telling me now
they have the confidence to go
to their first
dance.
RAQUEL LASKOWSKI: There are some
people here
that are unfortunate that don't
really have
the money to get these dresses.
TINA MARTIN: So far, the
foundation has given
away over 200 dresses that range
in cost form
$60 to $200.
The foundation donates dresses
all across
the country.
And you're just traveling all
over the world,
like Santa Claus, dropping off
dresses?
SAM SISAKHTI: Yes, something
like that.
TINA MARTIN: Sisakhti hopes to
give away between
5,000 to 10,000 dresses before
the end of
the year.
He depends on donations, and has
spent thousands
of his own money.
SAM SISAKHTI: It's really
important that all
the dresses are new.
I don't want these girls to feel
like they
are getting hand-me-downs.
TINA MARTIN: A new dress that's
letting Raquel
Laskowski get all dressed up
with somewhere
to go.
Well, do you know where you are
going to wear
it?
RAQUEL LASKOWSKI: To my cousin's
party.
TINA MARTIN: Somewhere to go,
and now the
confidence to get there.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Tina
Martin in
Boston.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Bringing a smile
to a lot of
young women.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
On Wednesday: the first 100 days
of the Trump
administration, a look at
domestic accomplishments
and setbacks.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.